all right do put your money up which
drop of paint is going to get to the
bottom of the of the wall first bro look
at this PT I got 50 bucks on the right
one 50 bucks on right guys wait what are
you are you watching paint drop sorry
and drop yeah yeah pretty depressed
sorry there's there's only there's only
two drops bro you're list list listen
List look it's too late you're not
getting a third drop bro you're not so
don't even ask I know you what is the
number one thing you
love to forget to press
something oh that and I don't know maybe
like comic book ball anime like what
would you do for right now for 70 cents
I probably do like 3 hours of manual
labor listen the point is is I have
officially I called YouTube I resigned
all us we're no longer YouTu we quit we
quit I got us a job guys a job
job wait like an office job yeah bro
nobody wants an office job but no no
just just trust me just trust me this is
something a little bit different we're
going to make millions of dollars we
only have to work for 3 days and then
we'll retire forever it's not what want
uh I do like the idea of retiring early
sure I personally Do It For the Love of
the Game I will explain on the
helicopter get on the helicopter and
just trust me for once wait hold on wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait the pain
the paint the paint the paint this part
is good oh oh yeah I guess we can 10
hours you want to watch this for 10
hours I do it's pretty sick yeah yeah
you see how it's slowly just going down
to the bottom of the
wall yeah hey doter check that out look
how it's just oh guys the helicopter
helicopter helicopter all right so
listen here's what we're doing okay um I
didn't mention that there's a giant
alien invasion happening in New York
right now whoa hold on how did you turn
into Jade antastic and you turn into PC
principal from South Park fall in line
or be exp did you just take a picture
hold hold on get behind me get behind me
get behind me bright the brightest of
lights on listen this is a beautiful
start to normal I'm not going to see
nothing but fuzz for the next three
seconds smile every
smile cool all right listen here's what
we got to do so there's an invasion
happening grab your equipment we just
got to take photos that's it that's all
we got to do three 3 days all we got to
do survive 3 we're good to go hey call
me Peter Parker he's going to be shaking
in his booties when he sees these
pictures cuz the Daily Bugle is going to
call me D you know where you remind me
of a guy that would forget to hit the
record button on the video uh stop
making fun of me right this instant yeah
I'm from New York New York hey guys are
we in Yonkers cuz it says NYC I think
we're in Yonkers I think oh man I got to
get the Six Flags all look all we got to
do here is take photos oh my God we're
in my favorite store it's streets store
all right bro we oh what the hell what
are you running from bro that looks like
the guy from The Daily Bugle Jah Jameson
Parker I need pictures of Spider-Man on
my desk right now so what happened to to
New York is this just uh like what's
going on here's going D is going to go
inside a building by itself you and I
going to go in the other one look at she
to can I get a picture y'all
cheese hey
hey how about I go in this one by myself
do will die if he's here okay well you
know what they go in I'll go over here
was that a mine you hear that mine oh I
don't it sounds like it could be
anywhere look there's nothing it said
danger level is one there's a mine in
here bro if danger level is one ooh look
a
mine is that a
baby can you can you hurt
me bro why was he Doo
dancing oh I hear it's a rat it's a
goddamn rat in the kitchen get him bro
nobody's scared of rats I trained
against them in uh in tutorial Island
bro that was the first enemy I beat in
RuneScape anyone in
here
[Music]
hello bro be honest how many rats could
you beat in
RuneScape bro like
straight like in a row yeah like how
many rats in a row are taking you down
on my main account on roomescape
on your strongest account of all time
literally infinite I could just stand
there and I would recover faster than
they could do damage like Kito that
actually scared the [__] out of
me all right you know what I'm good I'm
good I saw I need to see I saw what I
need I'm good I'm good we we out we out
bro it's kind of nice in here we we just
do a full 360 on this [__] are we in
the blue light district rat rat on the
loose watch out he's going for your legs
oh no he missed yeah oh he's coming for
you he's coming for he's going to get
you he's going to get you oh he's just
pranking you n i i i juked his ass bro
give me some credit I kind of put the
razzled Dazzle on his [__] ass guys oh
my God they got Sid from Toy
Story yeah what's up we might have a
problem what's that what's up there's a
lot of noise happening out there okay uh
get some good photos can they fight like
us I have one photo left so I'm trying
to like save it but like oh sorry I'll
get out of your way I got three more
well save it cuz there's a lot happening
out there damn it get I need to reload
dog you guys sound like you're speaking
giberish is there anything in here by
the way I saw a baby and then like tabas
in the other building oh I hear
something in the vents wardrobe is there
something in the vents something that
wants to talk to me for chance my ass
hey Dino yeah all right I'm getting out
of here bro I got my
pigs here no no no trust trust come over
here n Dino there's a jump pad come
here idiot he left bro damn it hey bro
you hey hey you want to use a forbidden
photo
technique I'm going to need you to carry
that for me hey bro leave we're doing
something private bro oh here carry this
too check out hey bro somebody get my
camera I got it what are you
doing woo
well I'll get his body I guess my
inventory is full do you have
space yeah I'll carry the old the old
doofus all right just so you know
there's a giant abnormal Titan outside
though a guy just died can we just have
a moment of silence well we're about to
join him in a second if we don't stop
the abnormal Titan bro we
who's see me me personally I'm not d
That's what I'm saying so what are you
tripping about ain't nothing going on
out here I saw a thing over here hey
look at his body bro what that what is
that what is that what is that hey Peep
Peep Peep hold on what is that what is
that right there right there right there
right there right there bro that's just
a dog just like Buster where is he he
take take a selfie hey get you a picture
bro I got you can he protect me just in
case help Deon it took his [__]
arm I got no hops he not chasing you
anymore you're good bro what do you mean
you get out my back get his body get his
body get his body get his body get his
body we got to get his body oh my God my
heart oh my god get get in get in get in
you're all right
bro you don't think I could get one
closeup all right fine no no we're good
we're good just we don't need ex like I
said 3 days bro three days is all we
need three days hey uh hey you're all
good now bro but I want to let you know
that thing bit your arm off do I still
have my arm well now you do yeah but you
were missing a [__] arm
wa you don't even tell me wa guys the
way this works is we submit our photos
and we see who got the top five so
comment section below who got number one
walk around like like future go for a
while hey bro you deserved it top five
photos of the week that's me that's [__]
is
that oh that's that's me again it's a
good rat shot what about me what about
me that's me yeah oh dang you saw a
baby wow that one's really good that
one's really good
arm after that hey I I feel like mine
was better can we look at mine is there
a way to look at mine oh 2,000 points yo
hold I told did I not tell you natural
for this complete did I not tell be
Naturals this how do I look at mine all
right here cut over here guys wait where
you going we have money $100 yes it's
February don't mind if I do yeah you you
can spend all the money grab whatever
you want let's get back in there get
some good photos and call it a day I got
a walkie-talkie to talk to nobody yeah
this is D over
I can't what is wrong with your
neck Rel stretch his
neck was that me or him that was him dog
hey bro I'm just looking around Hey
listen listen listen guys guys just so
you know if he gets dangerous I'm glad I
can understand your guys's accent now I
was really thick before get D we can
take the ladder just heads up bro I
ain't taking no ladder but don't let my
walkie-talkie fall we need to get
another one of these what's that
is this supposed to do this ah the piece
of being on top of a building no one
here to bother me no idiots in my ear
absolutely
marvelous and I can make jumps I got the
bunnies I got the
Hops I just hear somebody getting their
cheeks clapped down
there I'm sorry I thought you'd be
scared yeah better look next time oh I'm
scared I'm scared to go down the
ladder oh my flashlight fell out of my
hand all right can you be careful please
be careful yeah yeah I'm I'm being
careful oh oh Dion Dion one at a time
bro one at a time move it's me first
okay all right I I'll get out of your
way I'll get out of your way I'm not
touching you you're totally F there we
go okay bro it's hard you have to like
you have to get up and over the ladder
first but if you go too far you fall see
where my flashlight fell no I don't see
it a man it's fine it's fine we have two
we have two just get in here let's get
some photos I don't like that you're
saying it's not a big deal to oh my God
you see that no I did not get a picture
of it bro why is this gu is that James
Harden is that a oh oh what is why
damn oh no he
got oh he's creamed he's [__] Creed
dog I'm taking phot help get hit him hit
him hit him D I'm alive hit him please
you're alive
oh [__] you're
alive oh all we had to do all we had to
do was hit it also you're missing an arm
wait give me your camera you're missing
a [__] arm dog what why did you bro
why did you not stop
him move move
move [__] deand
dog there is hey we should go I get his
body let's just go back let's just go
back we we'll come back another day
we'll come back another day smart about
this uh yes he's up he's up he's up move
move move move move move let's go let's
go let's go go back go back take the
ladder take take the ladder actually
he's walking away then he wled away W
wad then he wled away w w watch out
watch out bro he's walking with some
Swagger
CH a chupacabra
hey can you make this jump without your
arm I have an arm missing not a leg
dumbass come on we should
hurry I hate games like this when we
just hear sounds that
sounds I can't believe you let Theon die
bro one more of you without an arm
thanks yeah so I know I I I I know I
died and everything but I will say I
think I got the best pictures all right
well hey we'll see comment section round
two you know the rules guess who's going
to have the best photos this time guys I
found a walkie-talkie uh sirx uh coming
in oh man uh yes please remember to say
over over we got a headline look down
it's you bro that was that was from that
was from from the first wave let's see
what the second wave is yep let's check
him out let's check him out
lock the
results okay that's one that was a great
one wait we might get we might have
crazy stats we should we could have
helped that guy I just realized okay bro
that guy was you oh that was me that's a
big
one oh [__] that's an action shot that's
an action shot right there I I got ho
what do you mean none of mine were
good yeah you were you were busy getting
manhandled
damn hold on I I told 4,000 points we
might we might be a little talented at
this bro look at that look at this one
hey nobody nobody taking our job bro bro
you called that guy James Harden
I mean come on if you had
hair my CA my camera wasn't with us did
I drop it he's in denial that none of
his pictures got in the top no didn't I
even hear no he he thought
heot oh my god let's get in the
helicopter bro Dino your pictures right
here your pictures were actually just
ass what the [__] oh oh nice nice like
maybe don't say nice oh we got our
second headline photo oh ni oh who's it
oh that was you I wonder who the
photographer is is guys just get in the
helicopter let's let's lock in and
become rich hold on hold on hold hold oh
walking time is it walking time yeah do
do we all want a walkie or
no all right two walkies coming up okay
just make sure to say over after every
transmission over I got I got Two Fellas
on the line right now fellas I think a
loading screen's going to come in over
bro I need to know I disappoint you guys
sometimes when I pull you into the
shenanigans but tell me this is a good
day uh I hear a loud noise over I'm
hearing a loud growl as well over might
be close to each other can you two dumb
asses actually pay attention to
everything that's going on around you
over oh I couldn't hear you
before said that
no nah he's fine he's just bitching a
[__] yeah you know how [__] be
bitching and [__] Bro Look at that guy
he looks like I bet you that guy right
there Lloyd right there up there I bet
he'll sell me
jewelry he think he's on one of them uh
like like late channels like just
selling knockoff jewelry yes absolutely
get as many photos as possible this is
it hey you're not my you're not my boss
idiot you think any of these uh
elevators work uh I think the power's
down cuz honestly I'm trying to elevate
my game for real I'm going left I'm here
hey make a choice and stuck between left
and right over hey bro you're the you're
the one that looked back bro so I'm with
you dude who designed this building what
is the point bro is that a laia on the
wall I don't know I've never seen a
pagina
I think not to go in that something
tells me you shouldn't go in this area
it was pretty dark it was going to be a
transition yeah have your camera off
hold on hold on turn that get that
[__] light out of here turn that
light off all right look at me turn have
it on for a second all right now turn it
off yeah you light D Doo stop ruining it
all right now turn
on
yeah hold on I heard A monster over here
guys let's go see it let's go check it
out lot of funky [__] going on in here
I think it's over here I
think oh oh oh the creature of the night
it got my arm it got my [__] arm what
the [__] did I just glitch into the back
rooms I don't know I think I just
glitched into the back rooms where did
it go I don't know where he is that his
hand I just see his arm somebody help me
now I'm getting out oh wait it's the
police what how did you let him lose his
arm we need that
a
police how do we get out just get out
just get out just get out get out get
out get out get out get out can I have
your [__] gun can I have your gun I
really want your gun can I have your
gun I glitched into the back rooms over
went outside over epic over can I please
have your gun can I please have your gun
I'm trying to get one of their guns off
the police over if you have anything to
throw please throw it at the police over
we're close enough to you now D you can
get off The Walking should we be worried
the military's here I'm reaching for
your gun Officer you saying that while
not having a left arm is hilarious
you're not reaching for
anything I'm chilling with these guys
till something happens bro I know they
got the [__] load out kind oh wait
he's going to shoot he's going to shoot
watch
out de you [__] idiot I told you he
was going to shoot oh they all died no
that was the most racist thing that I've
ever encountered
get get I need a gun I need a gun I need
a gun yesterday I need a gun I need a
gun I need a gun gun where is the gun I
need a [__] gun no I only have one
arm left to
give d d run I only got the one
arm
oh D please go go go oh my God where is
that a
[Music]
help oh my God what is
that hey not to be that guy but the cops
just shot at Dion in February so that
was racism I'm sorry they're Focus they
were focused on Dion when a literal
[__] Aaron was there we going to talk
about that yep they looked left saw me
and they looked right saw saw alien dog
and they decided I was the threat oh
look look look in the process too look
look I'm not going to lie for third day
that was a little bit rough uh but we
can we can do better we do better bro we
need we already need 4,000 points that's
easy we've done that like on day two
yeah we did and then I'm pretty sure we
had it done that time too until uh the
great [__] of 2025 notic you left my
body I was trying to get a gun and I
couldn't find a gun and then it was
getting pretty hairy explain to me how
are we going to use
we kind of know what to expect just lock
in in the comment section um don't tell
Ryme I told you this and don't time
stamp this just say where you want to go
on vacation the most and like make it a
long impassionate speech like at least a
paragraph and let's just Spam the
comments with paragraphs of where you
want to go on vacation and see if we can
make him think you're all Bots all right
thanks guys I got a bone to pick with
this elevator elevator building oh wait
there's a whole where over here wa dude
what's in here where's Dion uh I think
he went in there what's in there no he
he literally followed me he did he
literally followed me in the [__] is
that what the [__] was that
man hey if you're in here we just want
to talk to you we don't want to fight
you or
nothing you're okay we just want to talk
to you as all or you don't have power on
your side you have B on your
side I heard a noise we just want to
talk ain't nothing to skip oh
bro I'm going to chase you how about
that [__] ass how about
that I guess he found somebody else uh
okay I think it's time to leave it's
time to leave it's time to go it's time
to go it is time to go it is time to go
it is time to go bro your eyes look
[__] petrified what that it's time to
go what was
that go go go go go go go go go go go go
go no no I don't want to die I don't
want to die God you're fine you're fine
you're fine you're fine you're fine
you're fine you're fine you're
fine what just happened why did it
[__] Cris
we should leave we should no it doesn't
count unless the door is open hey buddy
go open that door can I sneak around
there another entrance my voice dude he
was next to me I'm so
confused Dion hey Dion we're here to
save you bro guys guys did you get in
here yes there's one safe spot hurry
hurry hurry how did you get in here this
is my Survivor this is my friend look go
straight go to the right open that door
as fast as you can as fast as you can
we'll do we'll do we'll do
I got him I got picture oh thank you
thank you thank you thank you save my
life hey I got a good pick I got a good
pick wait I'm going to get a selfie with
him
dog oh no oh no oh no I knew what I was
doing I I deserve this get out wait what
you what do you mean get out I don't
know where I am your
camera wait give that back you [__]
greedy ass
I'm trying to get my camera I have it I
have it also oh you have it I'm like I
me Hees drop oh [__] run
run it's not safe he got through that
survivor's been following me by the way
somebody get this Survivor out of here
bro he feels safe with me he's just been
following me I have a question you were
behind me how' you end up been here uh I
I when you went into your door I was
like I'm going my own way and I went
into a different door can I can I get my
camera back real quick I'm kind of in
glitch oh he really does like you Dion
he's still crouching after you I told
you I don't know if we get any points
for saving him bro I'm a photographer
not a police officer go on top go on top
go on top go on top go on top ladder
ladder ladder go up the ladder ladder
ladder ladder guys ladder L we got to be
smart one at a time all the glitch is
gone thank
[Music]
you Dion take one step forward I'm
trying to get a cool pick one step
forward frame yourself okay yeah like
you're like you're taking a shot let me
that's good that's
good way too happy yeah come on come on
come on come on come on come on come on
helicopter
helicopter oh my God
guys I got no more
photos all right let's let's get out of
here bro you got the camera right get
out of here
here be my
camera well I I better hurry
[Music]
then he got my
leg you mouy [__]
M guys
run is that you I think I left my
friends behind oh for shame you coward
you coward you left us there's a
Godzilla I'm sorry I was trying to
Medevac Dion got best photos if you if
you log in your camera and you got a
bunch of mid I'mma yell at you brother I
got I I literally got tossed off the
fire escape what was I supposed to do I
don't know but I'mma see your pics bro
we going to
see I'm so upset what what happened bro
the dinosaur beat our ass I fell off a
ladder look that's a good photo right
there blink he blew up on me
afterwards oh
took a picture of himself now wait for
it wait for it wait for it wait for it
now look at this photo this is a photo
wait what about my other
one H I think D I think we got better no
no no no no
look for sure we got better look at this
bro this is me falling off the fire
escape how did that not how was that not
a good photo didn't count bro looks like
you're taking a pull up the ass too I
fell on the pole yes you look like you
don't look like you hated it too much
either look listen we have one more
chance to redeem our get in there look I
there's only one goal regardless if you
have enough points just make it to the
helicopter that's it I told him I'd go
in and out but I planned on using my
full 10 minutes all right d are you
ready for this roll with the boys this
time our only goal is survival that's it
all I care about is survival
phenomena
phenomen hey I don't like when you sing
along with me because it's always out of
sink and I can't tell if that's like a
desync thing or if it's like a Caucasian
thing oh now this is a creepy
room creepy filing
cabinets no he didn't find [__] imagine
if we were news
anchors I think I think we be pretty
good news
anchors where are you where are you
where are you what you freaking out
about bro we were
daydreaming St you st You' been St You'
been St by who
over here no there's a thing someone sh
that shine your light right there bro
yeah Noe and you got in my
way in here oh do you guys hear that
Glam wait hold on huh you hear
that wait what was that what was that
that was a different noise that was a
the uh we should probably get out get
out get out scared are you we [__]
there's loud thumping let's all just
come together hand together
oh
do do I'm coming Dion I got locked out
what's happening just be careful there
was a thing here Be not Afraid
oh get a picture of me D get a picture
of me
do I will never forget him there's no
way that they just died guys Dino
uh one of us is we got a go
go just figure it out we got a go go
dog get out of my way what the [__]
bro I'm I'm I'm I'm
coming keep just keep talking oh Marco
Marco Marco
here I got his camera too just just hold
on Dino Dino question before we walk out
before we walk out do I need his body
can I just I have his camera
wait strike a post oh yeah
easy that's a good photo all right let's
get out of here now I keep his body just
in case cuz you know we can like I don't
know I know but then I can't take any
pictures wait wait this again hey hey
hey hey maybe I don't know look look if
you see anything just toss
[Applause]
it I didn't know it was going to
[Music]
hurt yeah
yeah bro why you so [__] chall this I
didn't know you just wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait come
here come here come here come here oh he
left
uh I'm going to go back inside for a
better
spawn bro just go go go the alley Deon
the alley go through the alley oh
there's something behind me
oh no oh it's so bad pull pull pull I
don't think I can make
that o it's a dog Dion I have no arm my
he got my arm
dog he's throwing [__] cars at me
throwing cars it's like the armor of
Titan throwing
Titans have you lost your
mind he's right can I take one more Pho
I'm out I'm out a Shrek I'm looking down
I think now's the time I got to run I
got to run now hey uh Henry if you want
to leave we should probably just
bounce please please don't leave me
don't leave me yum it all yum it all
this [__] I hate this game get my
body why do you just sit in the [__]
helicopter you dumb [__] stop just
sitting in the helicopter what happened
stop just sitting in the helicopter I
couldn't get out I was trapped I was
trapped trapped bro you could get out of
the helicopter no I got trapped by two
cars I couldn't get out oh my God bro
waste of a perfect photo no what
happened I heard you I got the best
photo of all time and you were just
tucked away in your [__] boost I
couldn't no you don't understand I
couldn't get out I couldn't get out I
don't believe the the dinosaur threw two
cars in front of the helicopter I
couldn't get out I was trapped the worst
part is he died to a manhole alien
there's no way I'm running from a
[__]
T-Rex
was no bro that's like the Happy picture
you show after like I get cooked oh
brother 49's bro got bro dropped a
double 40 on us you a photo of anything
dog
yes oh my God the best
photos the best photos oh
brother a oh wait what do you mean bro
we're we're we're we're done they were
your photos got us cooked at least we
had photos where did you go at bro we
might as well have not had any how is
this not a good photo or this bro that
is some [__] teenage girl Instagram
[__] Bro n go back to that photo I need
a
critique bro just said out for my
morning
jog nobody paying you for this oh yeah
that's the type of picture that's the
type of a picture that you would just
put completely irrelevant emojis next to
like a waterfall or something in the
caption like bro what do you even what
even is
that and I look like I'm doing the old
bu gunam
[Music]
stu oh I'm so sick Bro I had the best
pictures
ever well you know I had a selfie of
myself being chased by the T-Rex bro it
was better than this gu over here why
using my leg like a [__] roller
coaster strap dude
well guys uh unfortunately we did get
fired and uh I would say we can go back
to YouTube but uh I had YouTube
terminated our accounts as well so now
we have nothing bro you don't control my
account good luck to you I'm signing
back into my
[__] at least we have what you
[Music]
do so this is how we end the video
just yeah